Make rate limit configurable (#178)
XKNX/xknx: docs/xknx.md

xknx = XKNX(config='xknx.yaml',
            loop=loop,
            own_address=Address,
            address_format=GroupAddressType.LONG
            telegram_received_cb=None,
            device_updated_cb=None,
            rate_limit=DEFAULT_RATE_LIMIT):
```

The constructor of the XKNX object takes several parameters:

* `config` defines a path to the local [XKNX.yaml](/configuration).
* `loop` points to the asyncio.loop object. Of not specified it uses `asyncio.get_event_loop()`.
* `own_address` may be used to specify the physical KNX address of the XKNX daemon. If not speficied it uses `15.15.250`.
* `address_format` may be used to specify the type of group addresses to use. Possible values are:
** FREE: integer or hex representation
** SHORT: representation like '1/34' without middle groups
** LONG: representation like '1/2/34' with middle groups
* `telegram_received_cb` is a callback which is called after every received KNX telegram. See [callbacks](#callbacks) documentation for details.
* `device_updated_cb` is an async callback after a [XKNX device](#devices) was updated. See [callbacks](#callbacks) documentation for details.

> * `rate_limit` can be used to limit the outgoing traffic to the KNX/IP interface. The default value is 0.05 meaning that we allow 20 packets per second to send to the bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rate_limit` in telegrams per second - can be used to limit the outgoing traffic to the KNX/IP interface. The default value is 20 packets per second.
```
